# SMBIT Terms and Conditions

## Notice of the main contents of the Terms and Conditions

The main content of these basic terms and conditions is for the rights and interests of the company and its members to separately notify the members to fulfill their legal obligations under the Act on Regulation of Terms and Conditions. Therefore, members must check the main contents of this Terms and Conditions, and if you cannot understand or question the main contents of this Terms and Conditions, please read the entire Terms and Conditions.

If an accessor accesses the company's mobile and web pages by filling out the member's account, password, and other login information provided to the company to use the company's services, all transactions made during that access period are considered based on the member's true intention. Therefore, members should maintain security for accounts, passwords, and other information, and be careful of damage caused by financial accidents or crimes on their own.

In the case of digital assets such as Bitcoin, the issuer does not exist, so inside and outside Tajikistan (any company including the company) No third party guarantees value or payment. Therefore, digital assets such as Bitcoin can be very volatile depending on Tajikistan's law, authoritative interpretation, and economic environment, and legal actions for transactions of digital assets such as Bitcoin differ from country to country, so members must pay attention to this.

In the case of SMBIT transaction services, it is a service provided by the company that allows members to trade digital assets with third parties using blockchain technology. Currently, blockchain technology is evaluated as non-modulation by a third party, but it can be changed at any time due to technological advances or other unexpected circumstances.

If a member trades digital assets using the company's services, the transaction details of the digital assets will be recorded on the blockchain, allowing users of digital assets around the world to check the integrity of the transaction. However, if the consistency of the blockchain whose transaction details are confirmed is damaged due to reasons attributable to third parties such as telecommunication business operators, inspections of servers in the company, and errors in the blockchain itself, the transaction may be restored to a specific point in the past.

The company strives to provide 365 days, 24 hours a day service, but it is not guaranteed. In the event of problems such as temporary suspension of services or errors in services due to illegal activities by members or third parties, the company solves the problems and resumes the service. At this time, the member may request the company to recover based on the transaction records held by the company, but in no case shall the company compensate for the profits from the restoration of the transaction records or compensate for the member's damages with other types of digital assets or KRW points.

Recently, digital assets such as Bitcoin have been used as a means of electronic financial fraud such as smishing and farming. Members must take care of themselves to prevent damage caused by electronic financial fraud, and if the investigative agency, judiciary, administrative agency, and other public powers investigate and freeze the account and electronic wallet, the company may freeze the account and electronic wallet without the consent of the members.

In the event of damage to the company due to the member's illegal acts, the company may exercise the legal right to claim damages from the member. Therefore, please use the company's services in compliance with laws and regulations.

========================================================================

## Article 1 (Purpose)
These Terms and Conditions refer to the rights and obligations between the company and the member necessary for the member to use the digital asset transaction service and block chain-based service (collectively referred to as the 'service') provided by SMBIT (hereinafter referred to as the 'company'). and other necessary matters such as responsibilities, conditions of use and procedures.

## Article 2 (Clarification, explanation and revision of the terms and conditions)
1.	The contents of these terms and conditions shall take effect when they are posted on mobile and web pages provided by the company or otherwise announced, and when the customer agrees to these terms and conditions and joins the company as a member.
2.	The company may amend these terms and conditions to the extent that it does not violate related laws, such as the “Act on the Regulation of Terms and Conditions” and the “Act on Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilization and Information Protection, etc.”. If these Terms and Conditions are changed, the company will notify the change in the method of Paragraph 1 from 7 days prior to the effective date.
3.	In spite of the fact that the company notifies the amendment of the terms and conditions in accordance with the preceding paragraph and clearly informs that if the member does not express his/her intention to refuse within 7 days from the date of notice to the effective date of the amended terms, it will be deemed to have been approved. If there is no indication, it is deemed that the changed terms and conditions have been accepted.
4.	If a member expresses his/her explicit intention that he/she does not agree to the application of the revised terms and conditions, the company cannot apply the contents of the revised terms and conditions, and in this case, the member may terminate the contract. However, if there are special circumstances in which the existing terms and conditions cannot be applied, the company may terminate the contract.

## Article 3 (Non-Terms and Conditions)
1.	The company shall comply with the provisions and general correlations of consumer protection guidelines and related laws in e-commerce, the Act on Consumer Protection in e-commerce, the Act on Regulation of Terms and Conditions, and the Fair Trade Commission.
2.	Related laws such as the Act on Door-to-Door Sales, the Framework Act on Electronic Transactions, and the Consumer Protection Act apply preferentially to transactions made between members through services provided by the company, and members cannot claim immunity against the counterparty.

## Article 4 (Definition of Terms)
The definitions of terms used in these terms and conditions are as follows.
The definition of terms not defined in this article is based on the definition of terms commonly used in the same industry and equivalent terms of the company's business. However, if there is no legal definition of digital assets in Tajikistan, the definition of terms in this article does not guarantee the legal nature of digital assets and the interpretation of laws that have not been established with respect to them, and the parties to which these terms and conditions apply Please note that even if there is a dispute between Tajikistan, the government and judicial authorities in Tajikistan do not belong to the definition of the terms stipulated in these Terms and Conditions.
1.	Member: A person who has signed a service use contract with the company by signing up for membership after accepting these terms and conditions.
2. ID: Refers to the e-mail address or mobile phone number registered by the member for identification and service use.
3.	Homepage: SMBIT's website provided by the company for members to use the company's services.
4. Password: A password set by a member according to a combination of letters and numbers approved by the company in order to confirm the identity of the member and to protect member information.
5.	Seller: A member who intends to sell digital assets and registers or applies in accordance with the form provided by the company online.
6. Buyer: A member who has registered or applied for the digital asset in accordance with the form provided by the company online with the intention of purchasing it.
7.	Coin: Virtual currency used within the service to use the service and recognized by the company while the member uses the company's service.
8. Electronic wallet: Unique information that can identify users of points and digital assets, and unique information that the company allows the member's account to use.
9. Digital Asset: It refers to the purpose of the service with information that exists only electronically in blockchain networks such as Bitcoin (BTC).

## Article 5 (Application and approval of service use, membership registration and withdrawal)
1.	Users apply for membership by filling in member information according to the registration form set by the company and expressing their intention to agree to these terms and conditions.
2. Membership registration is made when the company's approval reaches the member.
3.	The contract of use is concluded for each member ID. When the contract of use is established, the applicant for use is registered as a member.
4. Members who sign up for false registration by stealing personal information such as names or phone numbers other than their real names cannot receive legal protection, and all civil and criminal responsibilities are to be borne by the registered member.
5.	Those under the age of 19 are restricted from using the virtual asset transaction-related services provided by the company.
6. When applying for service, the company may, if necessary, request real-name verification and identity verification through a specialized institution according to the type of user in accordance with relevant laws and regulations. If the company refuses to provide such a request, the company is not responsible for any disadvantages caused by not verifying the user's identity.

## Article 6 (Consent to the use of member information and consent to the application for use)
1.	Consent to the use of membership information.
- A) The company uses the member's personal information for the purpose of implementing this use contract and providing services under this use contract.
- B) Membership information may be provided to companies affiliated with the company to make it convenient for members to use services affiliated with the company. However, before providing membership information, the company must notify in advance of the affiliate, purpose of provision, and content of the member information to be provided and obtain consent from the members.
- C) The company does not transmit advertising information of affiliated services against the member's explicit refusal to receive. However, for the convenience of using affiliated services, the company can send SMS and SMS URLs such as information and product information, and if members do not want, they can refuse to receive information through withdrawal from membership.
- D) Members can view and modify personal information at any time by modifying membership information.
- E) When a member enters membership information in the application form and applies to the company pursuant to these terms and conditions, it is deemed that the company agrees to collect, use, and provide membership information in the application form.
2.	Approval of application for use
- A) The company may approve membership registration if the member applies for use by accurately filling out all the required information in the company's prescribed membership application form. However, in the case of subparagraphs (B) and (C) below, the company may withhold or reject the consent.
- B) The company may withhold approval for application for use that falls under each of the following subparagraphs.
  - If you don't have enough time,
  - If there's a technical problem,
  - In a case where it is difficult to accept the use due to other company circumstances,
- C) The company may not accept applications for use falling under any of the following subparagraphs.
  - If your name is not real name,
  - In the case of applying under the name of another person,
  - In a case where an application is made by falsely stating the necessary information when applying for use,
  - In a case where an application is made for the purpose of hindering social well-being or good manners,
  - If there is a lack of application requirements for use prescribed by the company,
  - In the case where it violates other relevant laws and regulations or violates the standards set by the company, such as detailed guidelines, etc.

## Article 7 (Suspension and Termination of Use Agreement)
1.	The contract of use is terminated by termination of a member or company. For damages incurred in connection with the termination of the use contract due to the termination of the member's termination, the relevant member who has terminated the use contract shall be liable, and the company shall not be liable at all.
2.	When a member wishes to cancel the contract of use, the member himself/herself must apply for cancellation to the company online.
3. The company may limit the use of the service or terminate the contract of use by setting a time limit if the member commits any of the following acts.
- If your name or contact information is unknown.
- In the case of stealing another person's service ID and password.
- In the case of fraudulent use as another person's personal information, user ID, and password.
- If the same user has double registered with a different ID.
- In the case where it is determined that it is related to the occurrence of a hacking/fraud accident.
- In the event of a continuous password error and a continuous payment security error.
- In the case of an act such as market price adjustment or an act that disturbs the market order in order to obtain undue profits.
- In case of intentionally obstructing the operation of the service.
- If the registered name is not your real name.
- In case of intentionally distributing or applying for content that is infringing on public order and morals.
- When a member plans or executes service use for the purpose of hindering the national interest or social public interest.
- In the case of an act that damages the honor of others or gives a disadvantage.
- When a large amount of information is transmitted or advertisement information is transmitted for the purpose of interfering with the stable operation of the service.
- In case of distributing computer virus programs that cause malfunction of information and communication facilities or destruction of information.
- When information obtained by using the company's service information is reproduced, distributed, or used commercially without the company's prior consent.
- In the case of infringement of intellectual property rights of a company, another member, or a third party.
- In the case where there is a request for correction from an external institution such as the Communications Standards Commission or an authoritative interpretation of the Election Commission in connection with illegal election campaigns, etc.
- In the case of violating the terms and conditions of use prescribed by the company, including these terms and conditions.
- In the case of notifying a dormant subscriber for a long time, if he/she does not express his/her intention to use the service even within the notification period.
- In the case of collecting, storing, or disclosing personal information about the user without his/her consent.
- An act of objectively judging that it is associated with a crime.
- Other acts that violate relevant laws and regulations.
- If it is inevitable due to the company's policy to improve the company's services.
- In the event of a request from a court or government agency.
- In the case where a member sells and registers a product that is not suitable for sale, or conducts or attempts to trade other goods that violate public order and customs and customs.
- In the case where the other operator or manager determines that it is inappropriate for use.
4.	Procedures for suspension or restriction of service use
- If the company intends to restrict the use, it shall notify the relevant member of the reason, date, and period using written or telephone or message functions on the website.
- However, the company urgently has a national emergency, power outage, etc. If it is deemed necessary to stop using the service, the use of the service may be restricted without the process of the preceding paragraph.
- Members notified of the suspension of service may file an objection if they have any objection to the suspension.
- The company immediately lifts the suspension measure only if it is confirmed that the reason for the suspension has been resolved during the suspension period.

## Article 8 (Change of Member Information)
1.	Members can view and modify their personal information at any time through the personal information modification screen. However, the real name, date of birth, gender, ID, etc. required for service management cannot be modified.
2.	If the matters stated in the application for membership are changed, members must revise them online or inform the company of the changes through e-mail or other means.
3. The company is not responsible for any disadvantages caused by not notifying the company of the changes in paragraph (2).

## Article 9 (Member's obligation to manage member ID and password)
1.	Members are responsible for all management of IDs and passwords. If a member's account, password, and other login information provided to the company to access the company's web page to use the company's services, all transactions made during that access period are considered to be due to the member's true intention. The member is responsible for all consequences arising from the negligence of management and use of the ID and password assigned to the member.
2.	If a member finds out that his or her ID has been illegally used, he or she must notify the company and follow the company's guidance. If a member does not notify the company or notifies it, the company shall not be liable for any disadvantages caused by failure to comply with the company's guidance.

## Article 10 (Providing Information)
The company can provide information on the following services, such as phone, e-mail, text service (LMS/SMS), SNS, etc. for convenience of use, and products. In this case, the member may refuse to receive it at any time.
1.	Services related to virtual asset transactions.
2. Services related to events and events.
3. Services determined by other companies from time to time and provided to members.

## Article 11 (Type of Service)
1.	The services provided by the company are as follows.
- A) Digital asset sales services (services related to digital asset sales, digital asset purchases, and market price information retrieval)
- B) Digital asset transaction services (transaction sales, transaction purchases, market prices, information retrieval services)
2.	The type of service provided by the company can be changed from time to time depending on the company's circumstances.
3.	Copyright and intellectual property rights for the services provided belong to the "company".
4. In relation to the service, the company only grants members the right to use accounts, IDs, services, points, etc. according to the conditions of use set by the company, and members cannot provide similar services or engage in commercial activities.

## Article 12 (Notice and Change of Service Contents)
1.	Depending on the type of service, the company announces the characteristics, procedures, and methods of each service through the service screen, and members must understand each service announced by the company and use the service.
2.	If the service contents are changed, the company must notify them at least 7 days prior to the change, and the company is not responsible for any damage caused by the member not inquiring the contents of the notice.

## Article 13 (Maintenance and Suspension of Service)
1.	In principle, the use of the service is 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, unless there is a special obstacle in the business or technology of the company. However, this does not apply to the day or time set by the company due to the need for regular inspections, etc.
2.	The company can divide the service into a certain range and set the available time for each range separately. In this case, the contents will be notified in advance.
3.	The company may suspend the provision of services in any of the following cases.
- A) In case of unavoidable circumstances due to construction such as maintenance of service facilities
- B) In case the telecommunication service is suspended by the key telecommunication service provider stipulated in the Telecommunications Business Act
- C) In the case of a service provided by a third party such as an affiliated company rather than a service directly provided by the company, if a third party such as an affiliated company stops the service
- D) In case of other force majeure reasons
4.The company may restrict or suspend all or part of the service when there is a problem with normal service use due to a national emergency, power outage, service facility failure or rush of service use, sudden fluctuations in digital asset prices, etc.
5. The company may suspend the provided service in the event of a replacement with a new service or a reason that the service cannot be provided.

## Article 14 (Property of Rights and Use of Works)
1.	Members may post content (hereinafter referred to as 'posts') such as photos, texts, information, (moving) videos, opinions or suggestions about the service on the service in a manner permitted by the company.
2.	If the company determines that a member's post violates laws and service policies, it may delete it or refuse to post it. However, since the company is not obligated to review all posts, members may request the company to review the posts if they find posts that infringe on the rights of members.
3.	If a member posts a post expressing content that violates laws and service policies, the member is solely responsible for all legal or non-legal responsibilities arising from this. In order for a member to use another member's content, he or she must obtain a separate permission from the content owner.

## Article 15 (Restrictions on the use of payment by members)
1.	The company may restrict the use of payments by members in any of the following cases.
- A) If the amount of payment used is excessive
- B) When the seller and the buyer are judged to be the same person
- C) If there is a request from the payment service provider and issuer
- D) When it is necessary to restrict the use of payment according to the operation policy of other companies
2.	In the case of the above, the company notifies the member of the content through the website's message, e-mail, letter mail, SMS, etc.
3.	Even for a member whose membership has been suspended, the company will take into account the member’s credit score, etc., if the member explains the reason for refusal of the transaction or that there was an agreement with the counterparty. Suspension may be lifted.
4. In case of overlapping reasons for suspension, cancellation can be processed only when all suspension cancellation conditions are met.

## Article 16 (Restrictions on the use of deposits and withdrawals by members)
1.	The company may restrict or delay the use of deposits and withdrawals by members in any of the following cases.
- A) If the name of the registered member and the name of the depositor are different from each other
- B) If the first withdrawal amount after membership registration exceeds the first withdrawal limit set by the company
- C) If the withdrawal criteria set by the company are not met
- D) In case of exceeding the scope of service use rights set by the company
- E) In case the use of deposits and withdrawals must be restricted or delayed due to the operation policy of other companies
2.	In the above case, the company notifies the members of the information through messages, e-mails, correspondence mail, SMS, etc. on the website.
3. In the event of overlapping reasons for restrictions and delays, the cancellation may be processed only if the cancellation conditions required by the manager or operator are met.

## Article 17 (Responsibility for illegal use of services)
The responsibility arising from the fraudulent use of the service is entirely the responsibility of the member. Illegal use falls under any of the following cases.
1.	Where a member lends or delegates the use of access media to a third party, or provides it for the purpose of transfer or security.
2. In the case of fraudulent use by a member due to intentional or gross negligence.
3. In a case where a member fails to cooperate with an investigation into the damage investigation of fraudulent use of services or fails to notify in a timely manner of interference.
4. In a case where a member did not notify the company in a timely manner even though he/she knew that a third party had accessed the access medium without authority.

## Article 18 (Exchange Rate)
1.	The exchange rate of KRW for digital asset sale follows the standard exchange rate provided by the service.
2. Members do not hold the company responsible for profit or loss due to exchange rate differences based on digital asset trading when using the service.
3.	Digital asset sellers and digital asset buyers transact according to the standard exchange rate, etc., if the Minister of Strategy and Finance has set the standard exchange rate.
4. The base exchange rate may be set differently depending on the country in which digital asset sellers and digital asset buyers transact.
5. Digital asset sellers and digital asset buyers cannot claim the company to increase or decrease the difference due to the exchange rate difference, and the company does not need to return the difference due to the exchange rate difference.

## Article 19 (Service Fee)
1.	The company charges a fee in return for providing digital asset trading services or digital asset trading services. Fees, deposits, and withdrawal precautions are detailed in the asset deposit and withdrawal items on the company's SMBIT website and are subject to change depending on the company and market conditions.
2.	The usage fee is as determined by the company, and when the usage fee is changed, it will be posted on its website 7 days before the date of change and notified for 30 days.
3. The company may suspend services provided in the event of a replacement with a new service or other reason why the company is unable to provide services.

## Article 20 (Contents on Digital Asset Storage)
1.	The company may cash in and store digital assets held for members who have not been connected for more than six months or digital assets that have not been withdrawn more safely from unexpected accidents.
2. When a member who has not accessed for more than 6 months requests the return of digital assets, the company returns them to the state of storage.

## Article 21 (Agreement on the Use of Member Information)
1.	The company's personal information protection policy applies to the member' personal information. A member's entry of membership information in the application form and applying for use to the company under these terms and conditions are considered to agree to collect, use, and provide membership information in the application form under these terms and conditions. The manager of member information management is the operator determined by the company.
2.	To make it useful and convenient for members to use services affiliated with the company and the company, the company may use member information or provide it to companies affiliated with the company in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Agreement. However, the company shall disclose or distribute member information to third parties only when providing personal information to payment agencies for digital asset payments and fee claims, or if requested by state agencies under the Framework Act on Telecommunications. However, the restrictions of this provision do not apply if the transaction is normally made and mutual information related to the transaction is exchanged between the two parties.
3.	If the personal information entered by the applicant or member at the time of application for use is changed, the relevant information must be corrected immediately through the operator or member information change window. However, membership ID, name, date of birth, gender, etc. cannot be changed for credit management.
4.	In the case of the preceding paragraph, the member is responsible for various damages caused by unmodified information, and the company is not responsible for this.
5. If a member is dissatisfied with the handling of the company's personal information, he/she must submit the relevant information to the company in writing, and in this case, the company must deal with the member's complaints in due process.
6.	Article 7 shall apply to the termination of the member's use contract, and if the use contract is terminated, the member's personal information shall be kept under the Act on the Protection of Consumers in E-commerce, etc. and deleted.
7. Even if the company is obligated to destroy personal information, if it is necessary to preserve it in accordance with the provisions of related laws such as the Commercial Act, it shall keep the member's personal information for a period prescribed by the relevant laws.
8.	If it is necessary to collect or transmit personal information to use a particular service, the company must notify the member in advance of this fact and seek consent from the member.
9. Personal information provided by a member cannot be provided for use other than the purpose without the consent of the member.

## Article 22 (Compensation for Damages)
The company is not responsible for any accidents that occur through transactions outside of the trading rules stipulated in these terms and conditions, and is not responsible for disputes caused by the negligence of the seller or buyer. Damage caused by the company's affiliates is subject to the terms of the affiliate, and in principle, disputes are resolved between the affiliate and the member.

## Article 23 (Exemption clause)
1.	The company is not responsible for any of the following cases.
- A) In case of force majeure, such as national emergency such as wartime, disaster, natural disaster, DDoS attack, IDC failure, server down due to surge in service access, line failure of key telecommunication service providers, etc.
- B) In the case where damage occurs due to intention or negligence of the user.
- C) In the case of a telecommunication service failure provided by a telecommunication business operator for another period under the Telecommunications Business Act,
2.	The company is not responsible for the contents of the data posted or transmitted by the user.
3.	The company is not responsible for any defects in digital asset delivery due to poor service of the digital asset issuance management system or communication service company, or regular server maintenance time.
4.	The company does not guarantee the value and cashability of any digital asset in any case, and the member must bear entirely the economic interests arising from the member's transaction of digital assets.
5.	The contents of digital assets registered in SMBIT are registered by each member, and the company is not responsible for any registration.
6.	The company can conduct regular, irregular, or urgent server checks to provide stable service. If there is an abnormal difference between the virtual asset market price on domestic and foreign virtual asset exchanges and the waiting order on the service after the server inspection is completed, the company may cancel the waiting order according to its internal policy to protect its members.
7.	If anyone acquires or receives virtual assets owned by a third party without authority due to service errors, computer failures, or other reasons, the company may take necessary measures, such as recovering or restoring the virtual assets after prior notification to the parties.

## Article 24 (Denial of representation and guarantee)
1.	The company does not have the authority to represent members who buy and sell digital assets, and any act of the company is not considered as an act of buying and selling or trading digital assets.
2.	The company does not guarantee the facts, authenticity, and legality of the intention to trade in relation to transactions between members through the services provided by the company.
3.	The company is not responsible for guarantees for products or services handled by sites linked to the company. The company and the site linked to the company operate independently, and the company is not responsible for any transactions made between the company linked site and the member.

## Article 25 (Competent Court and Governing Law)
1.	These terms and conditions of service are regulated and interpreted in accordance with the Tajikistan Act, and the Tajikistan Act applies if a lawsuit is filed between the company and its members regarding the use of services such as the company's rate system.
2.	In the case of a lawsuit between the company and its members regarding the use of the service, the court in accordance with the procedures prescribed by law shall be the competent court.

## Supplementary Rule
These Terms and Conditions are effective from February 01, 2021.
