# Terms and conditions of using the coupon service for the transaction of SMBIT.

## Article 1 (Purpose)
This agreement aims to stipulate the conditions and necessary matters concerning the use of the Transaction Conversion Coupon Service provided by SMBIT (hereinafter referred to as "Company").

## Article 2 (Specification, explanation, and amendment of the terms and conditions)
1.	The contents of these terms and conditions are posted on mobile and web pages provided by the company or announced in other ways, and the customer agrees to these terms and becomes a member of the company.
2.	The company may amend these terms and conditions to the extent that it does not violate related laws, such as the “Act on the Regulation of Terms and Conditions” and the “Act on Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilization and Information Protection, etc.”. If these Terms and Conditions are changed, the company will notify the change in the method of Paragraph 1 from 7 days prior to the effective date.
3.	In spite of the fact that the company notifies the amendment of the terms and conditions in accordance with the preceding paragraph and clearly informs that if the member does not express his/her intention to refuse within 7 days from the date of notice to the effective date of the amendment, it will be deemed to have been approved. If there is no indication, it is deemed that the changed terms and conditions have been accepted.
4.	If a member expresses his/her intention not to agree to the application of the revised terms, the company cannot apply the revised terms and conditions, and in this case, the member may terminate the use contract. However, if there are special circumstances in which the existing terms and conditions cannot be applied, the company may terminate the contract of use.

## Article 3 (Non-Terms and Conditions)
1.	In addition to these terms and conditions, the company may notify or obtain consent from members by setting separate detailed guidelines for this service, and if the details of the detailed guidelines conflict with these terms and conditions, the detailed guidelines shall take precedence.
2.	In this case, the rights and obligations relationship between the company and its members stipulated in the terms and conditions of use is also applied to the members. Matters or interpretations not specified in these terms and conditions shall be governed by the terms and conditions of use of SMBIT and related laws or correlations.

## Article 4 (Definition of Terms)
Definitions of terms used in these Terms and Conditions are as follows.
Definitions of terms not defined in this article follow the definitions of terms commonly used in the same industry of the company's business and equivalent terms.
However, if there is no legal definition of digital assets in Tajikistan, the definition of terms in this article does not guarantee the legal nature of digital assets and the interpretation of laws that have not been established with respect to them, and the parties to which these terms and conditions apply Please note that even if there is a dispute between Tajikistan, the government and judicial authorities in Tajikistan do not belong to the definition of the terms stipulated in these Terms and Conditions.
1.	Member: It refers to a person who has approved these terms and conditions and signed up for a service use contract with the company.
2. ID: refers to the e-mail address or mobile phone number registered by the member for identification and service use.
3. Homepage: It refers to the website of SMBIT provided by the company to allow members to use the company's services.
4.	Password: It refers to a combination of letters and numbers approved by the company to verify the identity of members and protect member information.
5. Seller: A member who is willing to sell digital assets and has registered or applied for the digital assets in accordance with the form provided online by the company online.
6. Buyer: refers to a member who has registered or applied for the digital asset in accordance with the form provided by the company online with the intention of purchasing it.
7.	Coin: Virtual currency used within the service to use the service and recognized by the company while the member uses the company's service.
8. Electronic wallet: Unique information that can identify users of points and digital assets, and unique information that the company allows the member's account to use.
9. Digital assets: Information that exists only electronically in blockchain networks such as Bitcoin (BTC).
10. Transaction conversion coupon service: It is a service that converts coins so that you can trade your virtual assets.

## Article 5 (Content of Service)
1.	Details of the company's transaction conversion coupon service are as follows.
- A) It is a service that allows you to trade virtual assets using a transaction conversion coupon service.
- B) Details of purchasing a transaction conversion coupon service will be specified on the company's SMBIT website.
- C) If you purchase a transaction conversion coupon, the amount of convertible coins is determined, and the amount of convertible coins may change depending on market conditions.
2.	When using the transaction conversion coupon service, investment loss may occur due to sudden fluctuations in the market price of virtual assets.
3. SMBIT is not related to the provision of this transaction conversion coupon service and is not responsible for any losses related to the service.

## Article 6 (Application, examination, and acceptance of service use)
1.	The person who intends to use the service (hereinafter referred to as the "applicant") expresses his/her intention to agree to these terms and conditions and applies for the use of the service by filling out the necessary information on the form set by the company.
2.	Applicants must meet the membership requirements set by the company.
3. The company reviews the application for use of the service according to the screening criteria set by the company, and only the applicants who meet the qualifications and screening criteria accept the use of the service in this case and provide the service in this case.
4.	The company may request evidence from the applicant if necessary in connection with the application or review of the service use in this case of this case.
5. If the applicant has obtained permission to use the service in a false or unlawful manner, the company may temporarily suspend the member's use of the service, and if the member fails to explain that there is a justifiable reason, the contract may be terminated after prior notification to the member.

## Article 7 (Responsibilities of Members)
1.	Members should not do the following when using this service.
- A) Virtual asset market price manipulation, illegal trading (disruption of market order, short selling, etc.)
- B) Illegal acts such as multi-level, similar reception
- C) Money laundering or public intimidation financing
- D) Acts that violate related laws, such as the Capital Markets and Financial Investment Business Act, such as unauthorized business activities operating financial investment business without obtaining financial investment business license or unregistered business activities without obtaining registration.
- E) Using another member's account (ID)
- F) Unauthorized use of another person's name
- G) Acts that interfere with the normal use of the service, such as hacking
-H) Commercial acts such as transferring data such as investment information, market price, account, transaction history, balance, etc. obtained using this service to others
- I) Development of programs that may be misunderstood as representing/representing the company
- I) Acts that interfere with the company's business or damage the reputation
2.	The company may restrict the use of this service or terminate the service use contract if a member violates the obligations of these terms and conditions or interferes with the normal operation of this service.

## Article 8 (Type of Service)
1.	The services provided by the company are as follows.
- A) Coupon service for transaction conversion.
2.	The types of services provided by the company may change from time to time depending on the circumstances of the company.
3. Copyright and intellectual property rights for the provided services belong to the “company”.
4. For information on transaction conversion coupon service usage history, you must check whether there is anything wrong with the information on the SMBIT website.

## Article 9 (Notice and Change of Service Contents)
1.	Depending on the type of service, the company announces the characteristics, procedures, and methods of each service through the service screen, and members should understand each service announced by the company and use the SMBIT Terms and Conditions for matters not specified in this agreement.
2.	If the service contents are changed, the company must notify it at least 7 days before the change, and the company is not responsible for any damage caused by the member not inquiring the contents of the notice.

## Article 10 (Maintenance and suspension of services)
1. In principle, the use of the service is 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, unless there is a special obstacle in the business or technology of the company. However, this does not apply to the day or time set by the company due to the need for regular inspections, etc.
2.	The company may suspend the provision of services in any of the following cases.
- A) In case of unavoidable circumstances due to construction such as maintenance of service facilities
- B) In case the telecommunication service is suspended by the key telecommunication service provider stipulated in the Telecommunications Business Act
- C) In the case of a service provided by a third party such as an affiliated company other than the service directly provided by the company, if a third party such as an affiliated company stops the service
- D) In case of other force majeure reasons
- E) When transacting through a payment method that steals someone else's name
3.	The company may restrict or suspend all or part of the service when there is a problem with normal service use due to a national emergency, power outage, service facility failure or rush of service use, sudden fluctuations in digital asset prices, etc.
4. The company may suspend the provided service in the event of a replacement with a new service or a reason that the service cannot be provided.
5. When transacting through a payment method that steals another person's name

## Article 11 (Transaction Coupon)
1.	Conversion services are charged in return for providing services according to market conditions.
2. Is specified on the company's website and can be changed depending on the company and market conditions.

## Article 12 (Coupon purchase payment)
1.	The “Company” is not liable for any errors in payment by the “Member”, and in the event of a technical problem or an obstacle (such as a bank network failure) that the “Company” did not foresee, the “Company” shall provide the “Member” according to the policy of the “Company”. You can request to change the payment method, or temporarily hold or reject the payment.

## Article 13 (Agreement on the Use of Member Information)
1.	The company's personal information protection policy applies to the member' personal information. A member's entry of membership information in the application form and applying for use to the company under these terms and conditions are considered to agree to collect, use, and provide membership information in the application form under these terms and conditions. The manager of member information management is the operator determined by the company.
2.	To make it useful and convenient for members to use services affiliated with the company and the company, the company may use member information or provide it to companies affiliated with the company in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Agreement. However, the company shall disclose or distribute member information to third parties only if there is a request by state agencies under the Framework Act on Telecommunications, or if there is a request by the Information and Communications Ethics Committee or other related laws. However, the restrictions of this provision do not apply if the transaction is normally made and mutual information related to the transaction is exchanged between the two parties.
3.	If the personal information entered by the applicant or member at the time of application for use is changed, the relevant information must be corrected immediately through the operator or member information change window. However, membership ID, name, date of birth, gender, etc. cannot be changed for credit management.
4.	In the case of the preceding paragraph, the member is responsible for various damages caused by unmodified information, and the company is not responsible for this.
5.	If a member is dissatisfied with the handling of the company's personal information, he/she must submit the relevant information to the company in writing, and in this case, the company must deal with the member's complaints in due process.
6. Article 8 shall apply to the termination of the member's use contract, and if the use contract is terminated, the member's personal information shall be kept under the Act on the Protection of Consumers in E-commerce, etc. and deleted.
7.	Even if the company is obligated to destroy personal information, if it is necessary to preserve it in accordance with the provisions of related laws such as the Commercial Act, it shall keep the member's personal information for a period prescribed by the relevant laws.
8.	If it is necessary to collect or transmit personal information for the use of a specific service, the company must notify the member in advance and obtain the member's consent.
9. Personal information provided by members cannot be provided for use other than the purpose without the consent of the member.

## Article 14 (Exemption clause)
1.	The company is not responsible for any of the following cases.
- A) Force majeure cases such as exhibition, speculation, natural disasters, (DDos) attacks, IDC failures, server down due to soaring service access, and national emergencies such as line failures of key telecommunication business operators, etc.
- B) In case of damage caused by the intention or negligence of the user
- C) In case of failure of telecommunication service provided by other key telecommunication service providers according to the Telecommunications Business Act
2.	The company is not responsible for the contents of the data posted or transmitted by the user.
3.	The company is not responsible for any defects in digital asset delivery due to poor service of the digital asset issuance management system or communication service company, or regular server maintenance time.
4.	In any case, the company does not guarantee the value and liquidity of any digital assets, and the member must fully bear the economic interest that arises from the member trading digital assets.
5.	The contents of digital assets registered in SMBIT are registered by each member, and the company is not responsible for the contents of registration.
6.	The company may conduct regular, irregular or urgent server maintenance to provide stable service. If, after server maintenance is complete, there is an abnormal difference between the market price of virtual assets at domestic and overseas virtual asset exchanges and the market price of pending orders on the service, the company may cancel the pending orders in accordance with the internal policy to protect members.
7.	If anyone acquires or receives virtual assets owned by a third party without authority due to service errors, computer failures, or other reasons, the company may take necessary measures, such as recovering or restoring the virtual assets after prior notification to the parties.

## Article 15 (Competent Court and Governing Law)
1.	These Terms of Service shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with Tajikistan laws, and Tajikistan laws will apply if a lawsuit is filed due to a dispute between the company and a member in relation to the use of the service, such as the company's rate system.
2. In the case of a lawsuit between the company and the member in relation to the use of the service, the court in accordance with the procedures stipulated in the Act shall be the competent court.

## Supplementary Rule
These terms and conditions will take effect from March 01, 2021.

