# SMBIT Staking Service Terms and Conditions

## Article 1 (Purpose)
The purpose of these terms and conditions is to stipulate the conditions and necessary matters regarding the use of the ‘SMBIT staking service’ provided by SMBIT (hereinafter referred to as the ‘Company’) by members.

## Article 2 (Specification, explanation, and amendment of the terms and conditions)
1.	The contents of these terms and conditions shall take effect when they are posted on mobile and web pages provided by the company or otherwise announced, and when the customer agrees to these terms and conditions and joins the company as a member.
2.	The company may amend these terms and conditions to the extent that it does not violate related laws, such as the “Act on the Regulation of Terms and Conditions” and the “Act on Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilization and Information Protection, etc.”. If these Terms and Conditions are changed, the company will notify the change in the method of Paragraph 1 from 7 days prior to the effective date.
3.	In spite of the fact that the company notifies the amendment of the terms and conditions in accordance with the preceding paragraph and clearly informs that if the member does not express his/her intention to refuse within 7 days from the date of notice to the effective date of the amendment, it will be deemed to have been approved. If there is no indication, it is deemed that the changed terms and conditions have been accepted.
4.	If a member expresses his/her intention not to agree to the application of the revised terms, the company cannot apply the revised terms and conditions, and in this case, the member may terminate the use contract. However, if there are special circumstances in which the existing terms and conditions cannot be applied, the company may terminate the contract of use.

## Article 3 (Non-Terms and Conditions)
1.	In addition to these terms and conditions, the company may notify or obtain consent from members by setting separate detailed guidelines for this service, and if the details of the detailed guidelines conflict with these terms and conditions, the detailed guidelines shall take precedence.
2.	In this case, the rights and obligations relationship between the company and its members stipulated in the terms and conditions of use is also applied to the members. Matters or interpretations not stipulated in these terms and conditions shall be governed by the terms and conditions of use of SMBIT and related laws or correlations.

## Article 4 (Definition of Terms)
Definitions of terms used in these Terms and Conditions are as follows.
Definitions of terms not defined in this article follow the definitions of terms commonly used in the same industry of the company's business and equivalent terms.
However, if there is no legal definition of digital assets in Tajikistan, the definition of terms in this article does not guarantee the legal nature of digital assets and the interpretation of laws that have not been established with respect to them, and the parties to which these terms and conditions apply Please note that even if there is a dispute between Tajikistan, the government and judicial authorities in Tajikistan do not belong to the definition of the terms stipulated in these Terms and Conditions.
1.	Member: A person who has signed a service use contract with the company by signing up for membership after accepting these terms and conditions.
2. ID: Refers to the e-mail address or mobile phone number registered by the member for identification and service use.
3. Homepage: SMBIT's website provided by the company for members to use the company's services.
4.	Password: A password set by a member according to a combination of letters and numbers approved by the company in order to confirm the identity of the member and to protect member information.
5. Seller: A member who intends to sell digital assets and has registered or applied for the digital assets according to the form provided by the company online.
6.	Buyer: Refers to a member who registered or applied for digital assets in accordance with the form provided by the company online with the intention of purchasing digital assets.
7. Coin: A virtual currency used within the service to use the service and recognized by the company while a member uses the company's service.
8. Electronic wallet: Unique information that can identify users of points and digital assets, and unique information that the company allows the member's account to use.
9. Digital assets: Information that exists only electronically in blockchain networks such as Bitcoin (BTC).
10. Steaking service: It is a service that provides the settled profit portion of the transaction fee.

## Article 5 (Content of Service)
1.	The company's details on the staking service are as follows.
A) Virtual assets are paid as coin allowances for a set limit and period.
B) The service application limit and period are specified on the transaction website.
C) Staking allowances may incur losses due to sudden fluctuations in market prices.
A) It varies depending on the exchange trading volume, application limit, period, etc.
B) The staking allowance may change depending on the transaction volume and attendance confirmation.
A) Subject to change depending on the company and market conditions.
2.	When using the staking service, investment losses may occur due to sudden fluctuations in the market price of virtual assets.
3. 30% of staking virtual assets will be deducted when repayment is made before the application period of staking service use.

## Article 6 (Application for Service Use, Examination and Approval)
1.	The person who intends to use the service (hereinafter referred to as the "applicant") expresses his/her intention to agree to these terms and conditions and applies for the use of the service by filling out the necessary information on the form set by the company.
2.	Applicants must meet the membership requirements set by the company.
3.	The company will review applications for service use according to the screening criteria set by the company, and only applicants who meet the qualification conditions and screening criteria will accept the use of the service and provide the service.
4.	The company may request evidence from the applicant if necessary in connection with the application or review of the service use in this case of this case.
5. If the applicant has obtained permission to use the service in a false or unlawful manner, the company may temporarily suspend the member's use of the service, and if the member fails to explain that there is a justifiable reason, the contract may be terminated after prior notification to the member.

## 제7조 (Responsibilities of Members)
1.	Members must not engage in any of the following acts when using this service.
- A) Virtual asset market price manipulation, illegal trading (disruption of market order, short selling, etc.)
- B) Illegal acts such as multi-level, similar reception
- C) Money laundering or public intimidation financing
- D) “Act on the Capital Market and Financial Investment Business”, etc., such as unlicensed business activities to engage in financial investment business without obtaining a financial investment business license, or unregistered business activities to engage in investment advisory business or discretionary investment business without financial investment business registration of Acts that violate relevant laws
- E) Using another member's account (ID)
- F) Unauthorized use of another person's name
- G) Acts that interfere with the normal use of the service, such as hacking
- H) Commercial acts such as transferring data such as investment information, market price, account, transaction history, balance, etc. obtained using this service to others
- I) Development of programs that may be misunderstood as representing/representing the company
- J) Acts that interfere with the company's business or damage the reputation
2.	The company may restrict the use of this service or terminate the service use contract if a member violates the obligations of these terms and conditions or interferes with the normal operation of this service.

## Article 8 (Type of Service)
1.	The services provided by the company are as follows.
- A) SMBIT staking service
2.	The types of services provided by the company may change from time to time depending on the circumstances of the company.
3. Copyright and intellectual property rights for the provided services belong to the “company”.
4. Check the staking service usage history to see if there are any abnormalities by checking the staking service > usage history > holding history.

## Article 9 (Notice and Change of Service Contents)
1.	Depending on the type of service, the company announces the characteristics, procedures, and methods of each service through the service screen, and members should understand each service announced by the company and use the SMBIT Terms and Conditions for matters not specified in this agreement.
2.	If the service contents are changed, the company must notify it at least 7 days before the change, and the company is not responsible for any damage caused by the member not inquiring the contents of the notice.

## Article 10 (Maintenance and Suspension of Service)
1.	In principle, the use of the service is 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, unless there is a special obstacle in the business or technology of the company. However, this does not apply to the day or time set by the company due to the need for regular inspections, etc.
2.	The company may suspend the provision of services in any of the following cases.
- A) In case of unavoidable circumstances due to construction such as maintenance of service facilities
- B) In case the telecommunication service is suspended by the key telecommunication service provider stipulated in the Telecommunications Business Act
- C) In the case of a service provided by a third party, such as an affiliate, rather than a service directly provided by the company, when a third party, such as an affiliate, stops the service.
- D) In cases where there are other force majeure reasons.
3.	The company may restrict or suspend all or part of the service in the event of a national emergency, power outage, service facility failure, or flooding of service use, or sudden changes in digital asset prices.
4.	The company may replace the service with a new service or suspend the service provided in the event of a reason why the service cannot be provided.

## Article 11 (Staking Service Fee)
1.	The staking service is free, but may charge a fee in exchange for providing the service.
2. Fees are specified on the transaction website and may change depending on the company and market conditions.

## Article 12 (Agreement on the Use of Member Information)
1.	The company's personal information protection policy applies to the member' personal information. A member's entry of membership information in the application form and applying for use to the company under these terms and conditions are considered to agree to collect, use, and provide membership information in the application form under these terms and conditions. The manager of member information management is the operator determined by the company.
2.	In order for members to use the company and its affiliated services usefully and conveniently, the company may use member information or provide it to companies affiliated with the company in accordance with the procedures set forth in this contract. However, if there is a request from a national institution in accordance with the provisions of laws such as the Basic Act on Telecommunications, if there is a request for investigation of a crime, if there is a request from the Information and Communication Ethics Committee, or if there is a request according to the procedures stipulated in other related laws Except when personal information is provided to a payment agency for digital asset payment and fee claim, it is always possible to notify the affiliate, the purpose of provision, and the member information to be provided in advance and obtain the member's consent. Disclose or distribute information to third parties. However, the limitation of this clause does not apply when the transaction is successfully completed and mutual information related to the transaction is exchanged between the two parties during the transaction.
3.	If the personal information entered by the applicant or member at the time of application for use is changed, the relevant information must be corrected immediately through the operator or member information change window. However, membership ID, name, date of birth, gender, etc. cannot be changed for credit management.
4.	In the case of the preceding paragraph, the member is responsible for various damages caused by unmodified information, and the company is not responsible for this.
5.	If a member is dissatisfied with the handling of the company's personal information, he/she must submit the relevant information to the company in writing, and in this case, the company must deal with the member's complaints in due process.
6.	Article 8 shall apply to the termination of the member's use contract, and if the use contract is terminated, the member's personal information shall be kept under the Act on the Protection of Consumers in E-commerce, etc. and deleted.
7.	Even if the company is obligated to destroy personal information, if it is necessary to preserve it in accordance with the provisions of related laws such as the Commercial Act, it shall keep the member's personal information for a period prescribed by the relevant laws.
8.	If it is necessary to collect or transmit personal information to use a particular service, the company must notify the member in advance of this fact and seek consent from the member.
9. Personal information provided by a member cannot be provided for use other than the purpose without the consent of the member.

## Article 13 (Exemption clause)
1.	The company is not responsible for any of the following cases.
- A) In case of force majeure, such as a national emergency such as wartime, disaster, natural disaster, DDoS attack, IDC failure, server down due to surge in service access, line failure of key telecommunication service providers, etc.
- 나)	In case of damage caused by intention or negligence of the user
- C) In case of failure of telecommunication service provided by other key telecommunication service providers according to the Telecommunications Business Act
2.	회The company is not responsible for the contents of the data posted or transmitted by the user.
3. The company is not responsible for defects in digital asset delivery due to poor service by digital asset issuance management systems or telecommunications service providers, or regular server inspection time.
4.	In any case, the company does not guarantee the value and liquidity of any digital assets, and the member must fully bear the economic interest that arises from the member trading digital assets.
5. The contents of digital assets registered in SMBIT are registered by each member, and the company is not responsible for the contents of registration.
6.	The company can conduct regular, irregular, or urgent server checks to provide stable service. If there is an abnormal difference between the virtual asset market price on domestic and foreign virtual asset exchanges and the waiting order on the service after the server inspection is completed, the company may cancel the waiting order according to its internal policy to protect its members.
7.	If anyone acquires or receives virtual assets owned by a third party without authority due to service errors, computer failures, or other reasons, the company may take necessary measures, such as recovering or restoring the virtual assets after prior notification to the parties.

## Article 14 (Competent Court and Governing Law)
1.	These terms and conditions of service are regulated and interpreted in accordance with the Tajikistan Act, and the Tajikistan Act applies if a lawsuit is filed between the company and its members regarding the use of services such as the company's rate system.
2. In the case of a lawsuit between the company and its members regarding the use of the service, the court in accordance with the procedures prescribed by law shall be the competent court.

## Supplementary Rule
These terms and conditions are effective from 01 March 2021.

