# Terms and conditions of annual membership fee for SMBIT

## Article 1 (Purpose)
These Terms and Conditions are intended to define the conditions and necessary matters regarding the use of smbit staking services provided by SMBIT (hereinafter referred to as the "Company").

## Article 2 (Manifestation, Explanation and Revision of Terms)
1.	The contents of these terms and conditions are posted on mobile and web pages provided by the company or announced in other ways, and the customer agrees to these terms and becomes a member of the company.
2.	The company may amend these terms and conditions to the extent that it does not violate related laws, such as the “Act on the Regulation of Terms and Conditions” and the “Act on Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilization and Information Protection, etc.”. If these Terms and Conditions are changed, the company will notify the change in the method of Paragraph 1 from 7 days prior to the effective date.
3.	Although the company notifies the amendment of the terms and conditions in accordance with the preceding paragraph and clearly informs that if the member does not express his/her intention to refuse within 7 days from the date of notice to the effective date of the amendment, it will be deemed to have been approved. If there is no indication, it is deemed that the changed terms and conditions have been accepted.
4.	If a member expresses his/her explicit intention that he/she does not agree to the application of the revised terms and conditions, the company cannot apply the contents of the revised terms and conditions, and in this case, the member may terminate the contract. However, if there are special circumstances in which the existing terms and conditions cannot be applied, the company may terminate the contract.

## Article 3 (Non-Terms and Conditions)
1.	In addition to these terms and conditions, the company may notify or obtain consent from members by setting separate detailed guidelines for this service, and if the details of the detailed guidelines conflict with these terms and conditions, the detailed guidelines shall take precedence.
2.	Members who use this service are also subject to the relationship of rights and obligations between the company and the member as stipulated in the Terms of Use. Matters or interpretations not stipulated in these Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the SMBIT Terms of Use and related laws or commercial practices.

## Article 4 (Definition of Terms)
Definitions of terms used in these Terms and Conditions are as follows.
Definitions of terms not defined in this article follow the definitions of terms commonly used in the same industry of the company's business and equivalent terms.
However, if there is no legal definition of digital assets in Tajikistan, the definition of terms in this article does not guarantee the legal nature of digital assets and the interpretation of laws that have not been established with respect to them, and the parties to which these terms and conditions apply Please note that even if there is a dispute between Tajikistan, the government and judicial authorities in Tajikistan do not belong to the definition of the terms stipulated in these Terms and Conditions.
1.	Member: It refers to a person who has approved these terms and conditions and signed up for a service use contract with the company.
2.	ID: Refers to the e-mail address or mobile phone number registered by the member for identification and service use.
3.	Homepage: SMBIT's website provided by the company for members to use the company's services.
4.	Password: It refers to a combination of letters and numbers approved by the company to verify the identity of members and protect member information.
5.	Seller: A member who intends to sell digital assets and registers or applies in accordance with the form provided by the company online.
6.	Buyer: A member who intends to purchase a digital asset and registers or applies for the digital asset according to the form provided by the company online.
7.	Coin: Virtual currency used within the service to use the service and recognized by the company while the member uses the company's service.
8.	Electronic wallet: Unique information that can identify users of points and digital assets, and unique information that the company allows the member's account to use.
9.	Digital assets: Information that exists only electronically in blockchain networks such as Bitcoin (BTC).
10.	It is divided into general members and annual members according to the deposit of membership fees for the management of the exchange transaction system.

## Article 5 (Content of Service)
1.	The details of the company's membership fee are as follows.
- A) Deposit of the membership fee is determined by the person's will.
- B) We operate an membership fee for better service.
- C) Annual membership fees may vary depending on market conditions.
- D) If one year has passed since registration of the annual fee, the changed annual fee must be re-registered.
2.	It is divided into regular members and annual members according to the payment of membership dues.
3.	SMBIT is not responsible for losses related to this annual fee.

## Article 6 (Application for Service Use, Examination and Approval)
1.	The person who intends to use the service (hereinafter referred to as the "applicant") expresses his/her intention to agree to these terms and conditions and applies for the use of the service by filling out the necessary information on the form set by the company.
2.	The applicant must meet the membership conditions set by the company.
3.	The company will review applications for service use according to the screening criteria set by the company, and only applicants who meet the qualification conditions and screening criteria will accept the use of the service and provide the service.
4.	The company may request evidence from the applicant if necessary in relation to the application or examination of the service use in this case.
5.	If the applicant has obtained permission to use the service in a false or unjust way, the company may temporarily suspend the member's use of the service, and if the member fails to explain that there is a justifiable reason, the contract may be terminated after prior notification to the member.

## Article 7 (Responsibilities of Members)
1.	Members must not engage in any of the following acts when using this service.
- A) Market price manipulation and fraudulent transactions of virtual assets (market order disturbance, short selling, etc.)
- B) Illegal acts such as multi-level, similar reception
- C) Money laundering or public intimidation financing
- D) Acts that violate related laws, such as "the Capital Markets and Financial Investment Business Act", such as unauthorized business activities operating financial investment business without obtaining financial investment business license or unregistered business activities without obtaining registration.
- E) Using another member's account (ID)
- F) Unauthorized use of another person's name
- G) Acts that interfere with the normal use of the service, such as hacking
- H) Commercial activities such as transferring data such as investment information, market price, account, conclusion details, and balance obtained through the service to another person, etc.
- I) The act of developing a program that may be misunderstood as representing and representing the company.
- J) An act of interfering with the company's business or damaging its reputation.
2. The company may restrict the use of this service or terminate the service use contract if a member violates the obligations of these terms and conditions or interferes with the normal operation of this service.

## Article 8 (Type of service)
1.	The services provided by the company are as follows.
- A) Annual members are provided with services in accordance with transaction standards at SMBIT.
- B) General members and annual members may have restrictions on providing transaction services, and please refer to the transaction website for more information.
2.	The type of service provided by the company can be changed from time to time depending on the company's circumstances.
3. Copyright and intellectual property rights for the services provided belong to the "company".

## Article 9 (Notice and Change of Service Contents)
1.	Depending on the type of service, the company announces the characteristics, procedures, and methods of each service through the service screen, and members should understand each service announced by the company and use the SMBIT Terms and Conditions for matters not specified in this agreement.
2.	If the service contents are changed, the company must notify it at least 7 days before the change, and the company is not responsible for any damage caused by the member not inquiring the contents of the notice.

## Article 10 (Maintenance and suspension of services)
1.	In principle, the use of the service is 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, unless there is a special obstacle in the business or technology of the company. However, this does not apply to the day or time set by the company due to the need for regular inspections, etc.
2.	The company may suspend the provision of services in any of the following cases.
- A) In case of unavoidable circumstances due to construction such as maintenance of service facilities etc.
- B) In case the telecommunication service is suspended by the key telecommunication service provider stipulated in the Telecommunications Business Act
- C) In the case of a service provided by a third party such as an affiliated company other than the service directly provided by the company, if a third party such as an affiliated company stops the service
- D) In case of other force majeure reasons
3.	The company may restrict or suspend all or part of the service when there is a problem with normal service use due to a national emergency, power outage, service facility failure or rush of service use, sudden fluctuations in digital asset prices, etc.
4.	The company may suspend the provided service in the event of a replacement with a new service or in the event of an impossibility to provide the service.

## Article 11 (Annual membership fee)
1.	The membership fee is determined by the individual's will, and there may be restrictions on the provision of transaction services depending on the membership conditions.
2. The annual membership fee is stated on the website of the exchange and is subject to change depending on the company and market conditions.

## Article 12 (Agreement on the Use of Member Information)
1.	The company's privacy policy applies to members' personal information. When a member writes member information in the application for use and applies for use according to these terms and conditions to the company, it is considered that the company agrees to collect, use, and provide member information written in the application for use in accordance with these terms and conditions. The person in charge of managing member information is an operator designated by the company.
2.	In order for members to use the company and its affiliated services usefully and conveniently, the company may use member information or provide it to companies affiliated with the company in accordance with the procedures set forth in this contract. However, if there is a request from a national institution in accordance with the provisions of laws such as the Basic Act on Telecommunications, if there is a request for investigation of a crime, if there is a request from the Information and Communication Ethics Committee, or if there is a request according to the procedures stipulated in other related laws Except when personal information is provided to a payment agency for digital asset payment and fee claim, it is always possible to notify the affiliate, the purpose of provision, and the member information to be provided in advance and obtain the member's consent. Disclose or distribute information to third parties. However, the limitation of this clause does not apply when the transaction is successfully completed and mutual information related to the transaction is exchanged between the two parties during the transaction.
3.	If the personal information entered by the applicant or member at the time of application for use is changed, the relevant information must be corrected immediately through the operator or member information change window. However, member ID, name, date of birth, gender, etc. cannot be changed for credit management purposes.
4.	In the case of the preceding paragraph, the member is responsible for various damages caused by unmodified information, and the company is not responsible for this.
5.	If a member is dissatisfied with the handling of the company's personal information, he/she must submit the relevant information to the company in writing, and in this case, the company must deal with the member's complaints in due process.
6.	Article 8 shall apply to the termination of the member's use contract, and if the use contract is terminated, the member's personal information shall be kept under the Act on the Protection of Consumers in E-commerce, etc. and deleted.
7.	Even if the company has an obligation to destroy personal information, if it is necessary to preserve it in accordance with the provisions of related laws such as the Commercial Act, the company keeps the member's personal information for the period stipulated by the relevant laws and regulations.
8.	If it is necessary to collect or transmit personal information for the use of a specific service, the company must notify the member in advance and obtain the member's consent.
9.	Personal information provided by a member cannot be provided for use other than the purpose without the consent of the member.

## Article 13 (Exemption clause)
1.	The company is not responsible for any of the following cases.
- A) In case of force majeure, such as national emergency such as wartime, disaster, natural disaster, DDoS attack, IDC failure, server down due to surge in service access, line failure of key telecommunication service providers, etc.
- B) In case of damage caused by the intention or negligence of the user
- C) In case of failure of telecommunication service provided by other key telecommunication service providers according to the Telecommunications Business Act
2.	The company is not responsible for the content of materials posted or transmitted by users.
3.	The company is not responsible for defects in digital asset delivery due to poor service by digital asset issuance management systems or telecommunications service providers, or regular server inspection time.
4.	In any case, the company does not guarantee the value and liquidity of any digital assets, and the member must fully bear the economic interest that arises from the member trading digital assets.
5.	The contents of digital assets registered in SMBIT are registered by each member, and the company is not responsible for any registration.
6.	The company may conduct regular, irregular or urgent server maintenance to provide stable service. If, after server maintenance is complete, there is an abnormal difference between the market price of virtual assets at domestic and overseas virtual asset exchanges and the market price of pending orders on the service, the company may cancel the pending orders in accordance with the internal policy to protect members.
7.	If anyone acquires or receives virtual assets owned by a third party without authority due to service errors, computer failures, or other reasons, the company may take necessary measures, such as recovering or restoring the virtual assets after prior notification to the parties.

## Article 14 (Competent Court and Governing Law)
1.	These terms and conditions of service are regulated and interpreted in accordance with the Tajikistan Act, and the Tajikistan Act applies if a lawsuit is filed between the company and its members regarding the use of services such as the company's rate system.
2. In the case of a lawsuit between the company and its members regarding the use of the service, the court in accordance with the procedures prescribed by law shall be the competent court.

## Supplementary Rule
These terms and conditions are effective from 01 March 2021.

